Even when you're learning algorithm is
doing well On accuracy or F one score or
some appropriate metric is often worth
one last performance audit before you
push it to production.
And this can sometimes save you from
significant post deployment problems.
Let's take a look.
You've seen this diagram before.
After you've gone around this move
multiple times to develop a good learning
algorithm.
It's worthwhile Auditing this
performance one last time.
Yeah.
Here's a framework for
how you can double check your system for
accuracy for fairness bias and
for other possible problems.
Step one is brainstorm the different
ways the system might go wrong.
For example,
does the algorithm perform sufficiently
well on different subsets of the data?
Such as individuals of a certain ethnicity
or individuals of different genders?
Or does the algorithm make certain
errors such as false positives and
false negatives which you might
worry about institute datasets or
how does it perform on certain rare and
important causes.
So the types of issues we talked
about in the key challenges video
earlier this week.
Any of them that concern you,
You might include them in this
brainstormed ways that
the system might go wrong for
all the ways that you're worried
about the system going wrong.
You might then establish metrics to
assess the performance of your algorithm
against these issues.
One very common design patterns
you see is that you often be
evaluating performance
on slices of the data.
So rather than evaluating performance
on your entire death set,
you may be taking out all of
the individuals of a certain ethnicity,
all the individuals of a certain gender or
all of the examples where there
is a scratch defect on the smartphone but
to take a subset of the data.
Also called a slice of the data
to analyze performance on
those slices in order to check against
these things that may the problems.
>> After establishing appropriate metrics,
MLOps tools can also help trigger
an automatic evaluation for
each model to audit this performance.
For instance, tensorflow has a package for
tensorflow model analysis or
TFM A that computes detailed metrics
on new machine learning models,
on different slices of data.
You learn more about this
too in the next course.
>> And as part of this process,
I would also advise you to get buy
in from the business of
the product owner that these
are the most appropriate set
of problems to worry about and
a reasonable set of metrics to assess
against these possible problems.
And if you do find a problem,
then it is great that you discovered
this problem before pushing
your system to production and
you can then go back to update
the system to address it before
deploying a system that may
cause problems downstream.
Let's walk through this
framework with an example,
I'm going to use speech recognition again,
if you build a speech recognition system,
you might then brainstorm the way
the system might go wrong.
So one thing I've looked at the fall for
systems I worked on
was accuracy on different genders and
different ethnicities.
For example, a speech system that
does poorly on certain genders may be
problematic or also ethnicities.
One type of analysis I've done before
is to carry out analysis of our
accuracy depending on the perceived
accent of the speaker because we want
to understand if the speech systems
performance was a huge function of
the accent of the speaker or you might
worry about the accuracy on different
devices because different devices
may have different microphones.
And so if you do much worse on one
brand of cell phones so that if there
is a problem, you can proactively fix it.
Or finally, this might not be an example
you would have thought of but
prevalence of rude mis-transcriptions.
Here's one example of something that
actually happened to some of deep
learning.ai's courses.
One of our instructors, Laurence Maroney
was talking about GANs, generative
adversarial networks, but because the
transcription system was mistranscribing
GANs because this unfortunately is
not a common word in english language.
And so, the subtitles had a lot
of references to gun and gang,
which were mistranscriptions of what the
instructor actually said, which is GAN.
So it made it look like there's
a lot of gun violence in that deep
learning.ai course and
we actually had to go in to fix it
because we didn't want that much
gun gang violence in the subtitles.
It turns out more generally
that mistranscribing someone's
speech into a root word or
a swear word that's perceived much
more negatively than a more
neutral mis transcription.
And so are built speech systems as
well where we pay special attention to
avoiding mis transcriptions that
resulted in the speech system thinking
someone said a swear word when maybe
they didn't actually say that swear word
based on this list of brainstorm ways
that the speech system might go wrong.
You can then establish metrics to assess
performance against these issues on
the appropriate slices of data.
For example, you can measure the mean
accuracy of the speech system for
different genders and for different
accents represented in the data set and
also check for
accuracy on different devices and
check for offensive or
roots words in the output.
I find that the ways a system
might go wrong turns out to
be very problem dependent.
Different industries, different tasks
will have very different standards and
in fact today our standards in A I for
what to consider
an unacceptable level of bias or
what is there and what is not there.
Those standards are still
continuing to evolve in A I and
in many specific industries.
So I would advise you to do a search for
your industry to see what is
acceptable and to keep current
with standards of fairness and
all of our growing awareness for
how to make our systems more fair and
less biased.
One last tip, I find that rather than
just one person trying to brainstorm what
could go wrong for high stakes
applications if you can have a team or
sometimes even external advisors help
you brainstorm things that you want
to watch out for
that can reduce the risk of you or
your team being caught later by
something that you hadn't thought of.
I know that if standards
are still evolving for
what we consider fair and sufficient
unbiased in many industries, but
this is one of the topics I think would
be good for us to get ahead of and
to proactively try to identify, measure
against and solve problems rather than
deploy a system to be surprised much
later by some unexpected consequences.
So that's it for
performance auditing with this.
I hope you have higher confidence in your
learning algorithm when you go out to
push it to production.